README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/oslabs-beta/Hermes/blob/dev/assets/images/Hermes-A-Gradient-cropped.png?raw=true"/>
</p>

<p align="center">
 A customizable Elasticsearch alert manager.
</p>

---

## Manage Alerts

View and delete existing alert configurations that are continually monitored at your desired frequency. Create alerts by specifying the new alert name, the index pattern to monitor, the frequency at which the Elasticsearch cluster will be searched, the rule to search for in the cluster, and the customized email that will be sent when the Elasticsearch query responds with a hit. Hermes uses Mustache.js which allows you to include any field from the top hit in the body of your alert email.

Add demo gif

## View Logs

View individual logs using a simple filter.

Add demo gif

## Visualize Logs

Visualize the count of logs matching an index pattern that were created every hour over the past two weeks.

Add demo gif

## Manage Index Patterns

Create and delete index patterns so that you can query multiple indices from your Elasticsearch cluster at once.

Add demo gif

# Getting started

## Deploying Hermes

Hermes requires your Elasticsearch cluster to already be set up, running, and accessible by port 9200.

Running Hermes the first time:

1. Fork and clone the main branch of this repository
2. Make sure you are in the outer-most directory of the repository in your command line
3. Run `npm install`
4. Run `npm run build`
5. Run `npm start`
6. Open your web browser to http://localhost:3068

---

## Configuring SMTP With Gmail

---

## Contributors

Eric Olaya <br />
[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/eric-olaya/) | [Github](https://github.com/eric-olaya)

Jared Lewis <br />
[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jareddlewis/) | [Github](https://github.com/jaredDlewis/)

Sheldon Johnson <br />
[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sheldon-johnson-18a512106/) | [Github](https://github.com/avatarwnd)

Commit message:

cleaned up spacing in email_smtp and added link to smtp section in readme

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/oslabs-beta/Hermes/blob/dev/assets/images/Hermes-A-Gradient-cropped.png?raw=true"/>
</p>

<p align="center">
 A customizable Elasticsearch alert manager.
</p>

---

## Manage Alerts

View and delete existing alert configurations that are continually monitored at your desired frequency. Create alerts by specifying the new alert name, the index pattern to monitor, the frequency at which the Elasticsearch cluster will be searched, the rule to search for in the cluster, and the customized email that will be sent when the Elasticsearch query responds with a hit. Hermes uses Mustache.js which allows you to include any field from the top hit in the body of your alert email.

Add demo gif

## View Logs

View individual logs using a simple filter.

Add demo gif

## Visualize Logs

Visualize the count of logs that were created every hour over the past two weeks.

Add demo gif

## Manage Index Patterns

Create and delete index patterns so that you can query multiple indices from your Elasticsearch cluster at once.

Add demo gif

# Getting started

## Deploying Hermes

Hermes requires your Elasticsearch cluster to already be set up, running, and accessible on port 9200.

Running Hermes the first time:

1. Fork and clone the main branch of this repository
2. Make sure you are in the outer-most directory of the repository in your command line
3. Configure the email account that will send alert messages per the instructions in [Configuring SMTP With Gmail](#configuring-smtp-with-gmail)
4. Run `npm install`
5. Run `npm run build`
6. Run `npm start`
7. Open your web browser to http://localhost:3068

---

## Configuring SMTP With Gmail

2. Open the `email_smtp.js` file located in the top directory of your cloned repository
3. Enter your email `Username` and `Password` into the object passed into `Email.send()`

---

## Contributors

Eric Olaya <br />
[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/eric-olaya/) | [Github](https://github.com/eric-olaya)

Jared Lewis <br />
[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jareddlewis/) | [Github](https://github.com/jaredDlewis/)

Sheldon Johnson <br />
[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sheldon-johnson-18a512106/) | [Github](https://github.com/avatarwnd)
